right we've been dating for over a year
now and I think it's about time that my
beautiful girlfriend what about us
taking an adventure ease like Queens
Singapore Colleen's wedding my family
every time I bring them up the kitchen
maybe his parents are poor and he has to
send their money pick up eggs and get
you checked in to Frisco can't afford
this so your family is rich we're
comfortable that is exactly what a super
rich person would say one point two
minutes Nick you're dating is Nick Young
yeah they're just the biggest developers
in all a Singaporean bachelors if people
aren't just rich they're crazy with you
really should have told me that you're
like the principal um of Asia that's
ridiculous
much more bihari mum this is Rachel
chick she just thinks you're some like
unrefined banana there's a few fingers
no on the outside or white on the inside
it was okay that I chose to raise a
family for me
it was a privilege but for you you may
think it's old-fashioned don't you want
next be happy I know you're not what
Nick needs she's like trying to play
games chicken with me thinking I'm gonna
swerve like a chicken but you can't were
you gonna be like bok-bok
okay maybe like not as aggressive
I met a girl I fell in love and I want
to marry her your Nicholas young you're
untouchable but Rachel's not if you
prepped Rachel to face the walls I
really admire you takes guts coming all
the way over here
phasing expanding I know this much you
will never be you know it's about time
someone stood up to Aunt Eleanor well
you not me Oh God
Chicago is over here
[Music]
[Applause]
ever since I can remember my family has
been my whole life
Rachel Rachel if Nick chose me he would
those his family and if he chose his
family he might spend the rest of his
life for Zen ting you you dad you got a
nice you got nastier
you